63325 Add more options to start cicd deployment (#7859)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/build-and-customize-your-solution/handle-deployments-and-environments/umbraco-cicd/umbraco-cloud-api.md

You can use the `deploymentId` to query the Get Deployment status endpoint.

{% hint style="info" %}

>  **Use `skipPreserveUmbracoCloudJson` with care.** The Cloud platform uses the file to make sure your environments are correctly configured for content deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Use `skipPreserveUmbracoCloudJson` with care.** The Cloud platform uses the file to ensure your environments are correctly configured for content deployments.
```
